2File 82-712:Agent Rick Dicker interrogating.State your name, please.Uh... Tony.Tony Rydinger.Tell me about the incident.Well, there's this girl in my class.I saw her at the track meet.- You're Violet, right?- That's me.I sorta knew her, but she'd changed.For better.She was more sure of herself, cool, cute.I asked her out for a movie.- So, Friday?- Friday.And then I went to watch the track meet.Not long after, this 'thing'happened in the parking lot.Behold, the Underminer!I am always beneath you,but nothing is beneath me.As if things aren't weird enough,I look over and I see these boots.- You two stay here.- Wait, should we be doing this?It is still illegal.It looked like super heroes.- We're going to lose him.- Oh, all right.One of you control the perimeter,keep the crowd back and safe.The other watch after Jack-jack.- But, I thought we were gonna...- You heard your mother.Trampoline me.I call perimeter.You're not going anywhere.Come back here!I see my chance to get out of there.But, there's something familiarabout one of the kids' voices.Page 2/56The girl, she's upset, andshe throws down her mask,and it's her!Oh, Tony!Hi. This isn't what you think it is.This was getting too freakyI couldn't handle it and ran off.I feel kinda bad about it.Maybe I should've said, hi, or something.It's not her fault superheroes are illegal.And it's not like I don't likestrong girls,I'm pretty secure, manhood-wise...What is that?Have you told anyone else about this?Your parents?No, they'd only thinkI was high on something.- I think you know what I mean.- Sure, kid.I like this girl, Mr. Dicker,I'm supposed to go outwith her Friday night.Now things are just gonna be weird.I wish I could forget I ever saw herin that suit.You will, kid.You will.[INCREDIBLES 2]Come on!Consider yourselves undermined!- Underminer, we meet again!- Huh?Oh, great! Now he's havinga dead end.Oh!Incredible,...meet Jackhammer!(...)Bye-bye!No no no...Everyboy, stand back, okay?Stay back!Dash, can't you see we're babysitting.Page 3/56I can't steer it, or stop itand the Underminer's escaped.We'll have to stop it...Bob, the monorail!Frozone! Yeah!We have to stop this thingbefore it gets to the overpass.I'll try to keep it awayfrom the buildings.Hey, lady!Thank you so much, young man.Violet!Stop!Everybody stop!- Heads up, dad!- Dash!- Violet, who's watching Jack-Jack?- Dad's watching him.Violet, here, you take him.It's headed for City Hall.Mom needs help.They're out in public again.This is our chance!Follow them.Follow Frozone!Bob!Help me with the boiler.That should do it.What are you kids doing?Get outta here!This thing's gonna blow!There's no time!We did it!Freeze, supers!Oh, what did we do!Excuse me, Mr. 'Zone?Sorry, but, I'm not reallysupposed to be here.Which seems wrong, doesn't it?Perhaps you'd be interested inchanging that law?Superheroes, including Frozone,Mr. Incredible and Elastigirl,caused further damage to the city.Page 4/56The Underminer remains at large.- We didn't start this fight.- Well, you didn't finish it, either!- Dd you stop Underminer frominflicting more damage? - No.- Did you stop him from robbingthe banks? - No.- Did you catch him?- No.The banks were insured, wehave infrastructure in placeto deal with these matters.If you had simply done nothing,everything would now beproceeding in an orderly fashion.You'd have preferred we do nothing?Without a doubt.You weren't much help.You want out of the hole?First you gotta put downthe shovel.Uh, that went poorly.Dad, this is probablynot the best timeto tell you about this, but,something else happened today:about a kid, and my mask.Oh hey, Rick, Violet's friend,a kid named Tony,might have seen her in the outfitwithout her mask.- Talkative type?- Dunno, last name is Rydinger.Tony Rydinger. I'll check it out.Bob, Helen.A word if you don't mind.The program's been shut down.What?Politicians don't understandpeople who do goodsimply because it's right.Makes them nervous.They've been gunningfor supers for years.Page 5/56Today was all they needed.Anyway, I'm done.I'm afraid two more weeks in the motelwas the best I can do for you.- It's ain't much.- You've done plenty, Rick.We won't forget it.Well, it has been a great honorworking with you good people.Thanks for everything. And good luck.Yeah, you too.Did you wash your hands?With the soap?Did you dry them?What?! Is this all vegetables?Who ordered all vegetables?I did. They're good andyou're going to have some.Are we going to talk about it?- What?- The elephant in the room.- What elephant?- I guess not, then.- You're referring to today?- Yeah! What's the deal with today?We all make mistakes.For example, you kids weresupposed to watch Jack-Jack.Babysitting, while you guysdid the important stuff.We talked about this.You're not old enough to decideabout these things.- We are old enough to help out.- Yeah!Isn't that what you tell us, dad?Yeah, well, help out can meanmany different things.- But we're supposed to helpif there's trouble. - Yeah.- Aren't you glad we helped today?- I know, but...- You said that you were proud of us.- Well, I was, 'am'.Page 6/56We wanna fight bad guys!No, you don't!You said things were different, now.And they were 'on the island'.But, I didn't mean that from now on...So, now, we gotta go back tonever using our powers!- It defines who I am!- We're not saying...- What?- Some actor said it.Can we just eat the dinner,while it's hot?Did we do something wrong?- Yes. - No.We didn't do anything wrong.Superheroes are illegal.Whether it's fair or not,that's the law.The law should be fair.What are we teaching our kids?- To respect the law.- Even when the law is disrepectful?If laws are unjust, there are laws tochange them. Otherwise it's chaos.Which is exactly what we have!- I just thought it was kinda cool.- What was?Fighting crime as a family.It was cool.But, it's over.The world is what it is.We have to adapt.Are things bad?Things are fine.Can I be excused?How much longer in the motel, dad?Not much longer, sweetie.- What are we gonna do?- I don't know.- Maybe Dicker will find something.- Dicker is gone, Bob.Any thought we had aboutbeing supers again, is fantasy.Page 7/56One of us has gotta get a job.One of us?You did a long stint at Insuricare.- Hated every minute of it.- I know it was hard on you.Maybe it's my turn in theprivate sector and you take...No, I'm doing this.I need to do this.- Do you know where suit and my ties are?- Burned up when...- the jet destroyed our house.- the jet destroyed our house.Yeah.We can't count on anyoneelse now, Bob. It's just us.We can't wait for...No lifeguard on duty.Swim at your own risk.Oh, where'd you go today?I noticed you missed all the fun.Don't be mad, because I knowwhen to leave a party.I'm just as illegal as you guys, besidesI knew the cops would let you go.- Yeah. It's quite a far fetched excuse- Yeah, yeah.I heard the program shut down.- How much longer are you in this motel?- 2 weeks.And you know the offer still stands.You're very generous,but there's five of us.We wouldn't do thatto you and Honey.The door's always open.You know the news isn't all bad.While you guys werebeing detained,I was approached by a dudewho represents this tycoon.Winston Deavor.Wants to talk with me,with you too, about hero stuff.Page 8/56I checked him out, he's legit,trained under Dicker,he wants to meet.Aw, jeez, more Superhero trouble?We just came from the policestation Lucius.- When?- Tonight, I'm going there, now.You enjoy. I'm sittin' this one out.He wants all three of us.Honey, let's just, at leasthear what he has to say.You got the address,I'll meet you guys there.We go in our supersuits?Yeah. Might wanna wear the old supersuits.Got a feeling he's nostalgic.Where are you going?The fresh air isespecially good tonight.- If Jack-Jack wakes up...- I know the drill.Your security badge.Please this way.Hey listen, you're my biggest fan.What am I saying? I'm your biggest...Shoot.I love superheroes!The powers, the costumes,the mythic struggles!Winston Deavor. You can call me Win.Genuine pleasure to meet you.Frozone!- Elastigirl.- Nice to meet you.- Mr. Incredible.- Hello.Mr. Incredible,Incredible, Incredible.Catching the bad guys,Catching the bad guys,pow, pow, pow!pow, pow, pow!Who's the cat that got the skillPage 9/56When survival odds are close to nil?Frozone, Frozone.Frozone!Frozone!Yeah!Can't tell you whata thrill this is.- And this is ...- Oh, hello there.Superheroes, I'm so sorry....is my TARDY sister, Evelyn.And I'm scolding myself, so,you don't have to, Winston.Spectacular.My father was so proudthat I was even remotelyconnected to you guys.He used to call you,the last line of defense.He was your top supporter.He donated to superhero causes,he raised money for theDynaguy statue in Avery Park.He got to know many supers, personally.Even installed a phonewith direct linesto Gazerbeam and Bionicin case of emergencies.He loved that.Showed it off to everyone.He was heartbroken when you wereall forced to go underground.Father believed the world bemore dangerous without you.But, you know how right he was.There was a break-in.My father called Gazerbeam,the direct line.No answer.He called Bionic.No answer.Superheroes had just been made illegal.The robbers discovered himon the phone, and shot him.Page 10/56So...Must've been hard.Especially for mother.She died a few months later.Heartbreak.If superheroes had not been forcedunderground it never would've happened.Or dad could've taken mom to his safe-roomas soon as he knew there was trouble.I disagree strongly, but we'renot going into it right now.The point is nobody expected usto be able to actuallyrun dad's company.But with Evelyn as designer,and myself as operator,we threw ourselves into buildingDevtech into what it is today.A world-classtelecommunications company.Bigger than ever.and perfectly positioned tomake some wrong things, right.Hence, this meeting.Let me ask you something.What is the main you wereall forced underground?- Ignorance.- Perception.Take today, for example,with the Underminer.Difficult situation: you were facedwith a lot of hard decisions.- Oh, tell me about it.- I can't.Because, I didn't see it.Neither did anyone else.So, when you fight bad guys, like today,people don't see the fight,or what led up to it.They see what politicianstell them to see.They see the destruction,and they see you.Page 11/56So if we want change people'sperceptions about superheroes,we need YOU to share YOURperceptions with the world.- How do we do that?- With cameras.we need YOU to share YOURperceptions with the world.How do we do that?We embed tiny cameras like thoseinto your super suit.Wow, so small!- And the picture is outstanding.- Thanks, I designed it myself.We've got resources, lobbyists, world-wideconnections and, very important,- Insurance.- Insurance is key.All we need now,are the superest superheroes.It means you three.Come on, help me makeall supers legal again!This sounds great!Let's get this going,what's my first assignment?That enthusiasm is golden.Hold onto it.But for our first move, well,Elastigirl is our best play.- Better than me?- Ahem!I mean, she's good.She's, really, a credit to her, but...you know ... You know.With great respect,let's not test the whole,'insurance-will-pay-for-everything' idea,on the first go 'round, OK?Wait a minute, you're saying what?I'm messy?Well, Evelyn did a cost-benefitanalysis comparingall your last 5 years of crime-fighting,Page 12/56before going underground.And Elastigirl's numbersare self-explanatory.Oh, it's not a fair comparison.Heavyweight problems,need heavyweight solutions.Of course! We're gonna solveall kinds of problems together.After a perfect launch with Elastigirl!- So, what do you say?- What do I say?I don't know.What do you mean,you don't know?A few hours ago, you were sayingit was over.That being a superherowas a fantasy.Now, you get the offer of a lifetimeand you don't know?It's not that simple, Bob.I wanna protect the kids.- So do I.- From jail, Bob!How do you do that?By turning down the chanceto change the law that's forcingthem to hide what they are?They haven't decided what they are!They're still kids.Kids with powers,which makes them supers.Whether they decide to usethose powers, or not.- This will benefit them.- Look, it's not a good time to be away.Dashiel's having troublewith homework,Violet's worried about her firstdate with that boy she likes, Tony.- And Jack-Jack ...- Jack-Jack? What's wrong with him?OK, nothing's wrong with Jack-Jack.But, even a normal babyPage 13/56needs a lot of attention.- I'm just not sure I can leave.- Of course you can leave.You've got to, so that I...WE could be supers, again.So, our kids can have that choice.- So you can have that choice.- All right, yes!So I can have that choice.And I would do a great job.Regardless of what those dumbpie charts say, or whatever.But they want you.And you'll do a great...job.Sure.That was excruciating to watch.I can't lie to you,it's nice to be wanted.- Flattery, you know. But...- What's the choice?1:we're out of the motel,and things get better for all supers,including our kids.Or, 2:or we're homeless.You know it's crazy, right?To help my family, I gotta leave it.To fix the law, I gotta break it.- You'll be great.- I know I will.- But what about you? We have kids.- I'll watch the kids. No problem.- Easy.- Easy, huh? You're adorable.Well, if there is a problem, I'll dropthis thing and come right back.You won't need to.I got it, you go. Do this thing.Do it so,...I can do it better.Page 14/56- Deavor, here.- This is Elastigirl, I'm in.Mr. Deavor, it's wonderful,but, it's too generous.Nonsense. It's the least we could do.We're partners, now!Can't have my partners living in a motel.Wh-whose is the house?It's my house. I have several.I'm not using that one.Stay as long as you need.- I don't know what to say.- How about, thanks?This is our new house?!It's OK, easy, tiger.It's being loaned to us.- Yeah. - This is homey.- I mean, look at this place.Deavor bought it from aneccentric billionairewho liked to come and go,without being seen,so the house hasmultiple hidden exits.Good thing we won't stand out.Wouldn't wanna attract anyunecessary attention.It's got a big yard!- Isn't... Isn't it a bit much?- Near a forest!- Would you rather be at the motel?- And a pool!What exactly is mom's new job?The important thing is,we're out of the motel.I like mom's new job!Oho, hohoh!Woah!Wow, check out the water features!This is cool!Hey!Stop!Stop it!Watch out!Page 15/56No!This isn't me!And w-what is this...I'm not all dark and fancy,I'm Elastigirl!I'm, you know, flexible.I mean...- Evelyn designed this?- No.Some guy named Alexander Galbaki.Glad it's you and not me,'cause you're gonna hear from her.- This note came with it.- What?[Elastigirl, the accessoryis in the garage. Evelyn]A new new Elasticycle.Elasticycle? I didn'tknow you had a bike.Hey, I had a Mohawk. There's alot about me, you don't know.You had a Mohawk?Eh, you didn't miss anything.Oh, yeah! This one's electric.What's that mean?Means that... oops!Ah, I'll get the hang of it.- You will be great.- I will be great.- And you will, too.- We will both be great.Bye sweetie.- Wait a minute, is that Elastigirl?- That's Elastigirl.Hey, Elastigirl!Hey, Elastigirl!Here comes, Elastigirl.That's fine. Stay calm, orI'll turn this bus right 'round.Look at that, New Urban!You wanna make a bigcrime-fighting statement?You go where the crimeis biggest.Page 16/56Strange thing, to be excitedabout, Winston.It's, like, a superheroes' playground.No sugar-bombs on my watch.- Where's momr?- She's up and out.She's at her new job,doing hero work.- But, I thought superheroeswere still illegal.They are, for now.So, mom is getting paidto break the law?She's not break...She's an advocate for superheroes.It's a new job.So, mom is going out, illegally,to explain, why she shouldn'tbe illegal.Hey... HEY! The bus is here!Woah! Grab your stuff! Go on, get on the...Put your homework in your bag.Bye-bye.We're gonna get along, just fine.'Cause you don't ask anyhard questionsAll right, all locations.- We need to know where you want us.- OK, I'm right at...Feels strange, though,waiting for a crime.Relax, you're smack in the middle ofthe worst crime area in the city.It's perfect.- It's a superheroes' playground.- Superheroes' playground, right.You know, after we wentunderground,my husband used to listento a police scanner.Waiting for something to happen.And I got mad at him for it.Ooh, I'm such a hypocrite.- All units ...Page 17/56- Something's up.I'm picking up some chatterabout potential disruptionsto the Hover-train'sopening ceremony.Disruption or threat?Both. Station's at 54thand Nottingham.A potential threat. Perfect!54th and Nottingham. Go, go, go!Vi, I want you back here by 10:30.- 11-ish?- 10-ish.- Heading for 9:- 10:Hm. Enjoy the movie.In the county of Nanar,the frubbers of Freepare all giving in,to the sweet succour of sleep.We will control the horizontal.We will control the vertical.[NEW MATH]We can roll the image.That's not the way you'resupposed to do it, dad.They want us to do it this...I don't know that way.Why would they change math?- It's okay, dad.- Math is math. Math is math!I'll just wait for mom to get back.What? Well, she won't understandit any better than I do!The Outer Limits.All over Duzzeldorf,the Fribbers of Fruppare going to sleep 'causethey just can't keep up.All over Duzzeldorf,Duzzels are drowsy.Their eyelids so heavy...Page 18/56OK! The point is, everyone,everyone's hitting the sack.Everyone's getting the sleepthat they lack.Mayors often brag about theircity, and I'm no exception.And I'm going to admit that...Are you sure the police aregonna be okay with this?Sure, you're making life easy for'em.They still haven't forgiven us for thelast time we made life easy for them.I know the chief of police,that won't be a problem.With all due respect, if you alonehad handled the Underminer,things would havebeen different.I'm just sayin'.And now... to launch ourmagnificent, new hover-train.It can get you whereyou need to go,at ridiculous speeds.The future is open for business!Wait, the train just stopped.- Woah!- What?It's going the wrong direction.We're going the wrong way.I'm going after it.This thing's really moving!100 and climbing.How much track is built?About 25 miles.Nobody can shut this thing down?They've tried, no go.Is that Elastigirl?Look out!- Override!- They're locked out of the system.- What about a fail-safe.- Not enough time.- Someone's calling?Page 19/56- Switch it over.Hey, mom, I can't find my high socks,and dad can't find them eitherbut he won't call you and ask, so, I am.You're not calling your mother!Dash, honey, can't talk right now.But look under your bed, OK?- How much time?- Approximately 2 minutes.There's a shortcutthrough the corridor up ahead.I dunno if I can stay with him.Come on!What the heck?Everybody alright? Is anybody injured?You alright?Your story better be good!Hey? HEY?What happened?[Welcome back, Elastigirl].[Welcome back, Elastigirl][Screenslaver]- Honey, why are you?...- Don't say anything.- It's dad. Are you OK?- I'm fine.- I don't wanna talk about it.- Tony didn't even call?- I don't wanna talk about it.- Oh honey... - Dad!If you want me to feel better,then, leave me alone. Please.Huh?...only my kid brother's son.Today is his first birthday.He's not as mature, as you, Roy.'Cause you're a wonderful policeman.This is a holdup.Right, get your hands up,turn your back.Put your hands behind your headand keep'em there. Don't move.Drop it! And get over there.Page 20/56Watch the door.Do you think I'm kiddin'?Now.- I said, now!- I got'im!Come on!No, no, no, no, no!No!No, no!No, no, no! NO!No, no, no, no! NO!You have POWERS!Yeah, baby!And there's not a scratchon you!How'd you go through the locked door?Are those your powers?You can multiply like rabbits andgo right through anything solid.Oh, my God!- Hello.- Hey, honey. You weren't gonna call me?Hi, hey, no. I mean, yes, yeah.I just didn't wanna... wait.The strangest thing justhappened out in the yard.Sounds like I just woke you up.No, no, it's just, Jack-Jack.He's had an accident? I knew it.I'm coming home, right now.- I never should've...- No, no, no. No accidents.Stay there andfinish your mission.And you never, should... What?!You don't think I can do this?Sorry, I misspoke.Do you need me to come back?No, no, no, I've got this.Everything's great.What happened with Jack-Jack?- Nothing, he's in excellent health.- Well, that's good.How was Violet's date?Page 21/56That was tonight, right?Oh, yeah. Yes. Good.All, fine, and good.And Jack-Jack went down,with no trouble?Fine, yes, no trouble.And Dash got his homework done?- All done. - So, things haven't spiraledout of control, the moment I left?Amazing as it may seem, it hasbeen quite uneventful, in fact.How about you?I saved a runaway train!It was so great! The mayor was thereto cut the ribbon on this new train....opening ceremony,Elastigirl pursued the trainand was able tosuccessfully activate...Bla-bla-bla, he says a fewwords, cut the ribbonand the train starts pullingout of the station, backwards, then...- the track of the brand new hover-train- ...the train malfunctioned- ...due to Elastigirl...- ...came to an almost......superhero. Elastigirl...- Elastigirl... - Elastigirl...BOOM! NO CASUALTIES!...specialized motorbike...And I go after it, I'm tellin'yahoney, it was a saga!That's fantastic honey!And on your first night!I'm so proud of you. Really.I'm proud of you, honey.I know you wanna get out thereand you will soon, OK?You will be amazing!I couldn't have done this,if you hadn't taken over so well.Thanks for handling everything.It's nothing.Page 22/56I love you, honey. I'll be back soon.- Sweet dreams.- Sweet dreams, honey....I can't explain...Hey, dad, it's okay.I'll just wait for mom to get home.As if she could... ah...I can do math.Oh, that's not a good sign...Weak command!Am I a substitute parent?It's not my fault, they changed math.Hey, buddy. Come on.I think I understad yourmath assignment.We still have some time tofinish it before your test.First, you wanna put all thenumbers by themselves....And now that means theplus becomes a minus and the minus....You got it? Yeah, baby!Oh. Hello.We're in a new house.I did write my addresson your locker,in permanent ink.Oh, is that, what that is?Did you forget?Forget? ... What?That's funny.Funny for honey.Oh, was it the weird outfit?'Cause there's a reason!I'm in a drama class,and they just wannado Shakespeare,but they were like, try tomake it relevant for the kids.So, like, superheroes.Kids love superheroes. - Yeah, yeah.You wanna wear onekind of tightsand then they're like, no,Page 23/56wear these other kind.Do... Do I know you?Many say your speech todayis critical.Both sides just want thebest for their people.We are so close to finallygetting peace in the region.I haven't done this in a while.This is good.The train gives us momentum.Just go out there and be yourcharming self and capitalize.Ms. Elastigirl, they're ready for you.Hey, spread your legs.- Thank you Chad.- My pleasure, Ambassador.Gloria.Madam Ambassador, hello!You are Elastigirl! This is why,now, I'm shaking your hands.Oh, I was so sad whenyou went ungerground.I'm glad to see you back!In your shiny outfit.- That means so much coming from you.Good luck with your speech.- Bring lasting peace.- I will, when you defeat evil!Okay.Three, two ...For over 15 years, superheroeshave been in hiding.Forced into it by a society,no longer willing to support them.That may soon be changing due to agrowing movement to bring supers back.Here, fresh on the heels of her ownheroic save of a runaway trainand sporting a new look,is the superhero, Elastigirl.- Welcome. - Hello, Chad. - Well all thepolls are going in your direction.That's true. Things are good.Page 24/56Hello.Uh, hello.Do I have your attention?Yes, Chad?Of course, I do,I'm appearing on your screen.Reading the words I'm sayingoff of another screen.Screens are everywhere.We are controlled by screens.And screens are controlled by me:SCREENSLAVER!- Hey!- I control this broadcast.And this idiotic anchormanyou see before you.- What's wrong with him?- The signal's been hijacked!- I'll check it out.- Don't look at any monitors.I could hijack the ambassador'saerocade,while it's still airborne,right, Elastigirl?Nearest window!Where's the nearest window?There.- What's going on?- Where's Elastigirl?Which one?- What are you doing here?- The Ambassador is in danger.Which chopper is she in?Look out!Follow them and get me close!Get out of the sky. Touchdown safely!Stand down, it's Elastigirl.Stay in your seat, Ma'am!We're under attack!Quick go.Protect the Ambassador!- Open the door!- Do as she says!- Can you all, swim?Page 25/56- Yeah. - Yeah. - No.We're gonna have to switch sides, hang on!Are you all right, Ma'am?I'm perfectly fine.Boys are dirt and superheroes suck.- Good morning.- He took one look at me in that suit,and decided to pretendhe doesn't even know me.Oh, he's protecting himself.If he really see you,it's best that he forgets.It's better for you, too.I can't tell you how manymemoriesDicker's had to erase,over the years, when...someone figured out yourmother's or my identity.It was Dicker!- You told him about Tony!- Honey.You had me erased fromTony's mind!I hate superheroes!And I renounce them!I renounce th...!Is she having adolescence?a new report outtoday shows thatwhen it comes to decision makingpeople have more trust in a monkeythrowing darts than Congress.What's going on Tommy? The President?They're here in support.Support? Support for what?In support of you.Hello, all of you!Thanks for coming out. Hi.Oh, my goodnes, thanks so much!Hello. What's your sign say?[SCREENSLAVER IS STILL AT IT]'Sup?Oh, what do you know, Ellen Wood!Page 26/56Oh, now you wanna return my callsabout superheroes, huh?Oh, I'll have to call YOU back.Oh, that felt good!Felicia, hold my calls, please.Hey, it's working!Hey, the ambassador made a bigspeech about superheroes, today.Turns out, saving someone's life makesa good impression on them. Who knew?I'm getting calls fromall over the world.Media awareness is up 72%The push for superherolegalization's becominga world-wide movement!I have big plans for our next move.We're gonna have a summit at sea.We'll use our ship we'll gatherleadersand supers from all overthe world.That's great. I'm happy.I'm happy the numbers are up.I'm happy the ambassador ispro-superheroes.And I'm happy, you're happy.I'm hearing that you're happy,but why am I not feeling it?Because I didn't get him.Screenslaver's still out there.All I did was play his gameand win this round.He's gonna want more and as longas he gets to play, he wins!One thing I've learned in business:smell the flowers.They don't bloom that often.What do you want on your tombstone,"She worried a lot"?All right, stop talking,show her.Wow, ah...Wow! Elastigirl, there you are.Page 27/56- Hello.- I-I didn't... wow!Ahem! (Get yourself together, Karen)Hi, my superhero name is Voyd,I just wanna thank you, for like,for being you.And I'd... really like to say... Okay.What I can do, um, is this.Yeah, that is impressiveVery interdimensional.I felt like an outcast. Before.But now, with you being... you.I really...Yay, me.I flew them in, from all over.They've all been in hiding.With powers, secret identities,andnames they've given themselves.I'm Screech, a pleasure.I always considered you asthe gold standard for the superhero.Well, thanks. You're too nice.- I am called Brick.- Nice to meet you, Brick.- Where are you from?- Winsconsin.Oh, Elastigirl. I assume your powers are...You know, zapping things electrically,charging things, bolts of lightning,that kinda stuff.Name's Reflux.Medical condition, or superpower?You decide.That's a little line I sayjust to put people at ease.- By the way:- Oh, no, no.Reflux, love it.Yeah, that is impressive.Keep practicing.Ow!Well, I'm beat.Page 28/56Congratulations. Big day.Good night ladies.I will see you tomorrow.G'night.Must be nice for you,being out front,- after all this time?- Out front?Well, it's been a whilesince your superhero days.And, even then, you were kind ofin Mr. Incredible's shadow.Nah, I beg to differ.I'm not saying you weren't big.And you were and ARE a superstar.But, you have the stageto yourself, now.People have to pay attention, now.You mean it's a man'sworld and all that bull?What world do you live in?- Your brother runs Devtech.- I don't want his job.I invent. He sells.I ask you, which of us hasthe greater influence?Which side of me are you asking?The believer or the cynic?- The cynic.- Would say, selling is more importantbecause the best sellershave the most buyers.Doesn't matter what you're selling.It only matters what people buy.This is true. If I discoveredthe origin of the universe,my brother would find a wayto market it as a...foot massager.So, what would the believer say?The believer would tell youto make your mark.Don't wait for permission,assert yourselfPage 29/56and impose your willon the status quo.- Sounds like my brother.- What?- You sound like my brother.- Well, he's not wrong.There's an art togetting a reaction.- Oh, I know how to get him!- My brother?Which... No! Screenslaver!You're tech savvy; I need to lockonto his signal and trace its origin.How fast can you slap somethingtogether and meet me at the airport?- Airport?- Need to get out of town, pronto.I can get your contraptiontogether by 5:We need to get on TV. Chad!I'll get my brother to set up an exclusivewith him tonight on the newscast- Finish our interview by phone!- Promote the hell out of it!Independent from screen slavery!'Chad Tonight. BOOM!'- Dicker.- Yeah, hey Rick.You remember that kid I mentionedto you, Tony Rydinger?Mind-wipe? Yeah, nice kid.Well, you also wiped out a Fridaynight date, my daughter had with him.In fact, you wiped out my daughter.Oops. Not an exact science, BobRick, you gotta help me here.Violet hates me, and you,and superheroes.I gotta fix this.What do you know about Tony?Er... Not much. Seems like a good kid.Popular, plays sports, music.Parents own the 'Happy Platter'.Page 30/56Kid works there, part-time.Happy Platter?Why did we drive all the way acrosstown for the 'Happy Platter'?We'd like a booth, over there,near the Philodendron.Good, right, near the Philodendron?This platter doesn't lookall that happy, to me.It looks bored.The Bored Platter!I thought Vi would want a changeof pace from drive-in food.I like drive-in food.Does this mean, vegetables?A balanced diet needs vegetables,kiddo. Get ussed to it.Good evening, everyone.- OH!- Gross!- Is she all right?- Yeah, it's OK.- Let me help you. - That's fine sir.- I'm fine! I'm fine!Normally she doesn't ever drink like that.OK, would you likesome water, sir?Yes. Yes, I would.This is my daughter, whom,you must know, right?- Hello. - (Violet).- Hello, Violet.- Hey, Vi, say hi to...- Don't push it, dad!I'm Dash, her little brother.Hello.Really good water, very refreshing!- Mineral water?- I don't know, sir, I think it's tap.- Ah! Very delicious.- Excellent tap.Nice to meet you.Where'd she go?To find a good place to be angry?Page 31/56Tonight, we go now to a specialremote interview with Elastigirl.How you feeling, Chad? You doing all right?I'm fine.The doctors checked me out.I have no memory of the event.I gotta tell you, it's pretty strangeto see a recording of yourselfthe night before, andhave no recollectionI don't think anyyone needs to worry,we've taken many precautions tonight.- Where are you, right now?- On a case.In a secure undisclosed location.I want to talk about you,starting with your saveof a runaway train.Here's an exclusive, uneditedclip, from your own suit-cam.Roll the clip.This thing's really moving.100 and climbing.How much track is built?Around 25 miles.Screenslaver interrupts this programfor an important announcement.I'll be damned, she knew!Let's see if her gadget works.- Don't bother wathing the rest...- Gotcha!Elastigirl doesn't save the day.She only postpones her defeat.And whie she postponesher defeat,you eat chips and watch herconfront problemsthat you are too lazy to deal with.Superheroes are part ofyour brainless desireto replace true experienceswith stimulation.You don't talk,you watch talk-shows.Page 32/56You have craving to watchgame shows.Travel, relationships, risk,every meaningful experiencemust be packaged anddelivered to you to watch at a distanceSo that you can remain eversheltered, ever passive,ever ravenous consumerswho can't bring themsevesto rise from their couches,break a sweat and participatein life.You want superheroesto protect you,and make yourselves ever morepowerless in the process,while you tell yourselvesyou're being looked after,that your futures are beingserved and your rights are being upheld.So that the system can keep stealing from you,smiling at you all the while.Go ahead, send your supersto stop me.Grab your snacks, watch yourscreens and see what happens.You are no longer in control,I am.Find anything?Sorry!What happened?What happened, is,you destroyed my evidence!What's going on? What'd I do?- What'd you guys do to me?- That's right punk, blame the system!Your tracker worked like a charm,Evelyn, you're a genius.Aw, shucks! I'm just the geniusbehind the genius.The New Urban city council...Dad, we're doing fractions andPage 33/56'dennis-mals' and percentages- I don't get'em.- Aren't you ...- Didn't we get all caught up?- Yeah, we were caught upAnd now, we're doing fractionsand percentages and 'demisals'Decimals...of the Incredibile, or the supercaronce driven by superhero,Mr. Incredible.It's the kind of thing you buy,when you have everything else.They said it was beyond repair.Hey, it was in perfect condition.You used to have that?They said it was destroyed.Once thought lost or destroyed thefamous car turned up at private auction.They said it was...That's my car!(...stupid car's features...)This car's just loadedwith amazing gadgets.- Care to demonstrate?- I'd love to, but,we haven't figured out howto make them work, yet.Wow! You do that?!Huh?What are you doing? This is not a toy!That's a rocket launcher!NO WAY?!Which one launches the rocket?Hey, this is not your car.It's not your car, either.It is, so! It's the Incredibile.- Well why's that guy have it?- He shouldn't.Launch the rocket!Launch the rocket!LAUNCH! THE! ROCKET!!We're not launching anything.Do you think I want an angry richPage 34/56guy coming after me right now,when I'm trying to not to...distract...your motherHm... rich guy!...So you're not gonna steal your carback from the rich guy?- Jack-Jack has the powers?- Well, yeah, but...- You knew about this?- Yeah.- Why didn't you tell us?- I dunno.We're your kids.We need to know these things.- You tell mom?- No! - Why not?Your mother is notwhat we're talking about.- Why not tell mom?- Because, I didn't want... - What?- Because, it's not the time.- Come on, man. - Why?- Because ...- It's, so, uncool.Because I'm fomulating OK?I'm taking in information,I'm processing.I'm doing the math,I'm fixing the boyfriendand keeping the baby fromturning into a flaming monster.How do I do it?By rolling with the punches, baby!I ain't doing no crash landing, OK?'Cause I'm Mr. Incredible,not Mr. Softsoap, or Mr. Mediocre Guy.Mr. Incredible!We should call Lucius.No! I can handle it.There's no way I'm gonna...I'm gonna call Lucius.Looks normal to me.When did this start happening?Page 35/56- Well, since Helen got the job.- I assume she knows.Are you kidding?I can't tell her about this.Not while she's doing hero work.Mama.Girls, come on. Leave the savingof the world to the men?!I don't think so!I've got to succeed so she can succeed.So we... can succeed.I get it, Bob. I get it.When was the last time you slept?Who keeps track of that?Besides, he's a baby, I can handle it.I got this handled.So... you're good then?You got everything under control,right?What the?!...Okay, Jack-Jack want a cookie?Yum-yum, cookie. Jack-Jack...Yum-yum, cookie.Cookie.- You're not?... - Cookie.- Oh my God!Woah, daddy!So, he can hear you...from the other dimension. Yeah.That, is creepy. And that's not good.Not like our other kids. No, it is not!Full power:So, now he's, what ... physically there?Yeah, well, you'd think so, right?Obviously, I can't keep giving him cookies!But if I stop...No! No biting, dad. Don't bite!OK.I think I just need a little bit ofme time.Then I'll be good to go.Oh, you need more than me time, Bob.You need major life realignmentPage 36/56on a number of levels.Starting with baby super-freak,here!You need some solidoutside the box thinking.Galbaki?Elastigirl's supersuit is by Galbaki?!Explain yourself.Bob Parr, son, you'reworse than I thought.It's the baby. I brought the baby.Highly unusual.You look ghastly Robert Parr.I broke my daughter.They keep changing math.I need AA batteries, but I got AAAsSo, I still need AA batteries.Put one red thing with a load ofwhites, now everything's pink.There's not many eggs....Done properly, parenting is a heroic act.Done 'properly'.And fortunately,it has never affected me.But, you do not come to me foreggs and batteries, Robert.I designing hero wear, andElastigirl must have a new suit!Actually it's Jack-Jack.You also wish a new suit for the baby?I would hardly classify thisas an emergency.Well, it's a special case,worth studying.If I could just leave himwith you for a while.Leave him?! Here?!I'm not a baby person, Robert.I have no baby facilties.I am an artist.I do not involve myself inthe prosaic day-to-day....Did you see this, Robert?My God!Page 37/56Yes.Of course you can leave the babyovernight, after all filling in for Helenis challenging andyou are very tiredand the other children need you and missyou and need you close to them.Auntie Edna will takecare of everythingso drive carefully and good bye,I enjoy our visits.'Auntie' Edna?Attention, attention.I wanna thank everyonethat came out, tonight,in support of superheroes andbringing them back into society.You all made it happen.And the need for this hasbeen made crystal clearin recent days,with bad actors, likethe self proclaimed Screenslaver,threatening our peace.His reign was short, huh?I think to this woman, a great super,You love her, you missed her.Welcome back, Elastigirl!Come on up here.Don't be bashful.Come on, get up here.I want you to have this.A memento.Thanks, Winston, Evelyn,I never would've guessed it.I'm forever in your debt.And thanks to all of you. Yourpressure changed all the right minds.We made amazing headwayin a very short time,which leads me to animportant announcement.Just now, at a world-wide summit,leaders from more than a hundredPage 38/56of the world's top countrieshave agreed to makesuperheroes legal again!We'll gather superheroesand leadersfrom all over the planeton our boat the Everjust,for a televised signingceremony at sea!Now, if you'll excuse us,we got a ship to catch!Hey, hi... me again...Um, there's ... somethingI've always wanted to ask you.How do you balance the superherostuff with your life?I'd really like to know.Uhuh... Oh, would you, please,excuse me for a moment?Yeah, OK, see you later. Good talk.- Hey, Vi.- Hey.- Where's Jack-Jack?- E's taking him for a little bit.- Edna is babysitting?- Yeah.And you're OK with this?Yeah, I dunno why.I wanted to say something to you.Sorry about Tony.I didn't think aboutDicker erasing his memory,or about you having to paythe price for a choiceyou never made.It's not fair, I know.And then I made it worse at therestaurant by trying to ...Anyway, anyway...I'm sorry.I'm used to knowing whatthe right thing to do is.But now, I'm not sure, anymore.I just wanna be...Page 39/56a good dad.You're not good,...you're super.Are superheroes allowed todrink on duty?I am, definitely, not on duty.Ignore the costume.I know, I should be up there,but, I had to step away fromthe primp and glitter, you know?Gotta get away to keep it pure.I know I do.What are you getting away from?Eh, you know, company stuff.My brother, mostly.But you love him.You two are this company.Yin and Yang.Yeah, I invent the stuff,he's good at people:pleasing them, engaging them,figuring out what they want.I never know what people want.What do you think they want?Ease. People will trade qualityfor ease, every time.It may be crap, but,hey, it's convenient!Yeah, kinda like this case.- What the Screenslaver?- Yeah, something doesn't seem right.It was too easy.That was too easy?- Finally.- What?What is that?It's one of the Screenslaver'smonitors it's tuned into my suit-cam.- Isn't the suit-cam closed circuit?- Yes.Then, how come the Screenslaver has it?Maybe he hacked it?So, he's sophisticated enoughto do that,Page 40/56but he has simple lockson his doors?Maybe he wanted you to find him.He wanted to get caught?- He wanted you to win.- That makes no sense.He's a brilliant guy. If he's smart enoughto conceive of technology like this,he's smart enough think ofsomething to do with it.The guy we put put in jaildelivered pizzas.So? Einstein was a patent clerk! He...Look, you won.- You've got the guy...- Wait!All Screenslaver needs to do,to hypnotize someone,is get a screen in front of their eyes.But, what if the screendoesn't look like a screen?What if... the pizza guyis really a pizza guybut, he was controlled by thescreens built into his glasses...?You are good.Look, a robot. It's taking off.I'm not getting a reading, yet.- Fire?- Now.More power.I hope it works dad.I thought it was bestto just let you sleep.17 hours!How do you feel?Super.-You got it, dad!- Hurray!I can't tell you how much I appreciateyou watching Jack-Jack for me, E.Yes, I'm sure your gratitudeis quite inexpressible.Don't ask me to do it again, darling,Page 41/56my rates are far too high.I am joking, Robert,I enjoyed the assignment.He is bright and I am stimuated,we deserve each other.You child is a polymorph.Like all babies, he hasenormous potential.It's not unknown for supers to havemore than one power, when young,but, this little one has many.Yes, you have many powers?Ba ba ba...I understand your lack of sleepis confusing you, Robert.Babies can be anything,and your child is no exception.Shows unlimited potential, Robert.That's why I worked in a creative fever.Auntie E has stayedup all night,making sure you lookfabulous in your uniformWhat're...You're putting him in...In the chamber, Robert.He is part of the demonstrationand will be fine.Your challenge is to managea baby who hasmultiple powers and no controlover them, yes?Well, uh...That sums it up.I often work to music, and I noticedthe baby responds to it as well.Specifically Mozart.I blended kevlar with carbide fordurability under duress and comfort also.Interwoven with these fabrics,are a mesh of tiny sensorsthat monitor the baby'sphysical properties.Oh Lord ! What's he... what is he doing?Well, it's Mozart, Robert!Page 42/56Can you blame him?The important thing isthat the suit and trackeranticipated the changeand alerted you.Oh no! Cookies, I gotta get cookies!You do not need cookies, as I learnedquite painfully, last night.Any solution involving cookies willinevitably result in the demon phase."Combustion imminent"?What does that mean?It means fire, Robert.Though, the suit has ...I suggest you extinguishthe baby's flames,before he tests thesprinkler system.Flame retardantblackberry-lavender foam.Effective, edible and delicious .Oh, what's going on in hereThat, is useful.Although I have doubtlessly ecceded yourexpectations for a SINGLE night's work.the suit and device contain a fewmore features we need to discuss.Thanks again, E., for everything.- How much do I owe you?- Oh, pish-posh, darling.Your bill will be covered by my feefor being Mr. Incredible, Elastigirland Frozone'sexclusive designer throughoutthe known universeand until the end of time.But babysitting this one,I do for free, darling.I would resist the temptationto stretch,the temperature around youis well below freezing.Try to stretch and you'll break.So you're the Screenslaver?Page 43/56Yes... And no.Let's say, I created the characterand pre-recorded the messages.Does Winston know?That I'm the Screenslaver?Of course not!Can you imagine what'Mr. Free Enterprise'would do with myhypnosis technology?Worse than what you're doing?Hey, I'm using the technologyto destroy people's trust in it.Like I'm using superheroes.- Who did I put in jail?- Pizza delivery guy.Seemed the right height, build.He gave you a pretty good fight.I should say I gave youa pretty good fight, through him.But, it doesn't bother you thatan innocent man is in jail?Eh, he was surly.And the pizza was cold.I counted on you.That's why you failed.- What?- Why would you count on me?Because I built you a bike?Because my brother knows the wordsto your theme song?We don't know each other.But you can count on me, anyway.I'm supposed to, aren't I?Because you have some strangeabilities and a shiny costume,the rest of us are supposed to putour lives into your gloved hands.That's what my father believed.When our home was broken into,my mother wanted to hide.Begged my father to usethe safe room.But, father insisted they callPage 44/56his superhero friends.He died. Pointlessly.Stupidly.Waiting for heroes to save the day.- But, why would?... Your brother...- IS A CHILD!He remembers the time when we hadparents AND superheroes.So, like a child,Winston conflates the two.Mommy and Daddy went away,because supers went away.Our sweet parents were fools to puttheir lives in anybody else's hands.Superheroes keep us weak!Are you gonna kill me?Nah.Using you, is better.You're gonna help memake supers illegal,forever.- Ready? - Ga.- Laser eyes.- Stop!- Wow!Yay, Jack-Jack!That's not all. Watch this.Jack-Jack, blaster ready?- No way?!- Crazy cool!- I get to fire him now!- Hey, it's demonstration!No firing the baby around the house,you understand?This is potentially dangerous.We're trying to teach himto control his powers, OK?Stop! See the screen?He vanished!That's really cool!OK, good. Use the thing.See that's called a readout.Click. See the readout, dimensions?See the shape? That's the room.Page 45/56See where he is in relation?So, where is he?There!OK, come out. Num-num, cookie?- Yayy! - Jack-Jack!- Really cool!- Hello?- Elastigirl's in trouble.What? What happened to her?Sorry, to tell you on the phone.Meet me on our ship at Devtech.The ship at Devtech.I'll be there in 15 minutes.What's with the ship at Devtech?Lucius? Bob. Helen's in trouble.I need someone to watch the kids.- Suit up, it might get weird.- I'll be there, ASAP, 15 tops.Where are you going, ASAP?And wearing that suit?I gotta go. Be home soon.Lucius will be here, sooner.No firing the babyaround the house, OK?What's at the ship at Devtech?And why are you in your super suit?Is that mom's super suit?She may need it. You never know.What's going on?I dunno. But dad called LuciusAFTER getting a call about mom,and then LEFT.I thought you renounced superheroes.Yeah, well, I renounce myrenunciation!Put that on.Hello there, little fella.Hello.You kids aren't safe.- The Deavors sent us to take you...- Well, isn't that redundant!The Deavors just sent ME hereto guard the house.'Cause the kids aren't safe.Page 46/56I get it, managerial screw-up.Tell Winston, I have this.You understand, Ms? ...Voyd.Ms. Voyd1I'll see-ya.But, the thing is,he wants us to bring you, too.Hey!That isn't gonna hold them long.Dash, grab the baby!Spread out!Dash, we gotta get to my car!What? What's going on?Little fella?It worked!Incredibile, windows down!Climb in!Incredibile, transport is under yourprotection, now. Say your names.- Violet Parr.- Dashiell Robert Parr.- Lucius!- Harrgh!Incredibile, escape!- Fill me in.- Good news and bad news.We found her, she seems physicallyfine but she's had an ecounterwith Screenslaver and she'sacting kinda strange.In here.Strange, how?Helen?Helen, what are you?...Helen, it's me.Incredibile, pull over.We can't go to E's.You saw those gogglesthey put on Lucius,they were wearing them, too.They're all under someone's control.They've probably done the sameto mom.Page 47/56OK, bad guys after us,no mom, no dad, no Lucius.But, we have our powers, this carand...what?Incredibile, take us to Devtech!Kids have escaped in a tricked out car,but we got Frozone.Bring him to the ship at Devtech,immediately.Aww! We missed'em.Oh, I wish the Incredibilecould follow that boat.- What did you do?- I dunno.- What did you do?- I didn't do anything!Wow, this car does anything I say!- We didn't plan this, well.- What do you mean? We're here, aren't we?Yes, we're here.We need to be up there.Hm...I think, the Incredibile hasejector seats.Wait, what? No.- Yeah, baby, let's go!- No, no.Come on.Hello, glad you could come.- Welcome to the conference.- Good to be here.Our stars, where are they?The event's about to start.They didn't want to upstagethe others.They'll join for the signing.Welcme guests, you're in for a treat.This ship is the largest hydrofoilon the planet.So, hold onto something becausewe're gonna open her up!We need to find mom and dad.Stay here, I'm gonnaPage 48/56search for them.Wait, who's gonna watch Jack-Jack?Suck it up, I won't be long.Wait. What? But, but... Wait!This is important,they are in trouble.It's up to us.'To us', understand?Keep him amused, but quiet!Ohhh...Jack-Jack?Jack-Jack? Jack-Jack!- Jack-Jack.- Now, the supers know we're here.But, I found mom and dad.- Where is Jack-Jack?- I dunno.You lost him?I gave you one thing to do!The tracker. Use the tracker.- He's going up?- He's in an elevator.Let's go!Hey, little baby,where are your paren...?And here they are, folks!The supers who startedthis whole thing.I told you they'd be there in time.Hey, did you make them new masks?Yeah, night vision, etcetera...They look, good, right?So simple, even he can do it.And we're back, live, in ...3, 2, 1.This is a momentous occasion.We've all managed toaccomplish somethingextraordinarily rarein today's world:we agree on something.We agree to undo a bad decision.To make sure a fewextraordinarily gifted membersPage 49/56of the world's many countriesare treated fairly.To invite them once again,to use their gifts to benefit the world.I thank all of youfor representing your nation'scommitment to superheroes.With special thanks toAmbassador Salomon.Yup, it's OK, let her hear you.- Thank you so much.- Thank you, Ambassador,for your early and very crucial support.I can't think of anyonemore deserving than youto be the first signature on theInternational Superhero Accord.There it is.Holy cow!- He's always on fire.- Just put him out!They're coming.Is he okay?Yeah, unless you have a beter idea.No!Come on, Jack-Jack, we have to go.Cookie, num-num?- I see him. He's getting away.- Stand back!- Darn it.- He's heading for mom.It is done, the world is super again!Group photo, come on.Group photo, everyone.Squeeze in, that's it, historic occasion.Everyone smile.Go for Phase 2.Years of mandated hiding andsilence have made us bitter.You bring us out into the light,only to clean up the messes yourlack of discipline creates.Your bodies and yourcharacter are weak.Page 50/56Your promises are emptyand you will pay for it.We no longer serve you.We serve only us.May the fittest survive.Well, we, uh...Some very alarming moments there...before the technical difficulties.Please, bear with us.- Mayday, mayday, mayday ...- Hold it. Let him talk.Superheroes have forciblytaken the bridge. Repeat:...Now!A little further...A little further...Stop!What the? A baby?!Mom and dad! Uncle Lucius?Jack-Jack, no!A, superbaby? No, no, no.No, no, no, no, put him down!- Grab her!- Mom. - Get Jack-Jack to safety!NO!- Hey, it's me!- Yeah, that's what I thought, last time.What?...You came for us?- Don't be mad.- Oh sweetie.How could I be mad?I'm proud.Not to break up a tender moment,but,where are we?Is this Devtech's ship?Evelyn Deavor, controlsthe Screenslaver,and until a second ago, us.- Where the crew?- Collision detected, correct course.- Did I do that?- Mom?Page 51/56Here, try this.Collision detected, correct course.Phase 3. Go on phase 3!Why are the kids here?You didn't go to the house?I went to the house!You didn't escape?- How did you not escape?- Hey, we saved you!Escape? Escape from what?Those guys!Jack-Jack, has powers?!We know. Fight, now, talk later.Laser eyes.Oh!- Come with me, Winston.- Did I faint?- You'll be safe here.- Safe? Safe from what?- What about those diplomats and the supers?- Still hypnotized.What have you done?Evelyn. She's escaping!Well, go after her.Finish your mission.I can't just go.What about the kids? Jack-Jack?- Who's gonna?...- Mom!Go! We've got this.Voyd, come with me.- I'll go shut down the engine.- I'll try to to slow the ship from the bow.Wait, something's missing.Where the Crusher gone?Strap in, now!It's for your own good.NO!This is!- Were too late.- Get me up to the jet.Hey, you did this. Can you undo it?You want me to un-crush?What, no one's ever askedPage 52/56for that?No, to un-crush is silly!Why un-crush?To get into the engine room. Aw,forget, it, we don't have enough time.What if I said to un-punch someone?What you do?Welcome aboard Elastigirl.Although, we haven't yetreached our cruising altitude...feel free to roam about the cabin.Just relax, I'll take careof everything.We're all about you.- I can't get to the engine room.- Well, we gotta to do something.'Cause trying to slow it downain't working.- Hey, what about turning the boat?- The steering's been destroyed.- Dash means, from the outside.- Yeah!If we break off one of thefoils arnd turn the rudderwe can steer the shipaway from the city.- That might work.- I'll turn the front, you turn the rear.Using the rudder?That's under water!How am I supposed to?...Oh, great.- Come on, kids.- Dad!I know this is going to work,but, if it doesn't, and we crash,my shields are probably betterprotection than the ship.I should stay here, with Jack-Jack.That's my girl.Remember Bob,we're both turning right.You know what's sad?If it weren't for your core beliefs,Page 53/56I think we copuld've beengood friends.I wish I ha...had core beliefs.We have breaking news.While there is still no radio contact,the ship has changed directionand is heading towards landat a high rate of speed.Dash.I am going to the rudder.Once I turn the ship,you hit the pull up button.- OK, dad.- Now, lower me dow ...The reputations of superheroesare ruined.You will never become legal.Ever!- Never?- No.- Ever?- No!Not even a little smidgie-widgie?Ah, hypoxia!When you don't have enough oxygenthings seem incredibly silly.Things get sillier and sillierand then you die.- I don't wanna die.- Ah, nobody does.Really.Not such a bad way to go.Everyone, we need to getto the back of the ship.All supers protectyour ambassadors.Follow!Dad's been underwater for too long.Gotta pull him up!Wait, it's too soon.- I'm gonna press the button!- Not yet!It's turning. It's working!Page 54/56- Now!- Dash, now!Save yourself, make a chute.Make a chute. Make a chute!Dash, brace yourself!We're out of position!I missed Jack-Jack's first power?Actually, you missed the first 17.Oh!The fact you saved medoesn't make you right.- But, it does make you alive.- And I'm grateful for that.I'm sorry, but she'll go to prison.Well, I'm sorry, she's richand will probably getno more than a slap on the wrist.First of all, Violet I like you.And who knows what thefuture may bring?But, I have a good feelingabout all of you.Good feeling?Should we be worried?You guys got the next shift.Come here.I saw what you did back there,that was incredible.- I mean, no pun intended.- Sorry I had to punch you.Ah, here's my sweet ride!And in recognition of the extraordinaryservice they have demonstrated,the legal status of superheroesis hereby restored.- You don't know me, do you?- No, I don't, wait ...- Are you the girl with the water...?- I'm Violet Parr.I'm Tony.- Tony, this is my mom.- Pleased to meet you.- It's my dad.- Oh, we've met.Page 55/56